---
x-trestle-comp-def-rules:
  appid-B:
    - name: appid_webhooks_https_only_configured
      description: Ensure App ID webhooks are using HTTPS only
    - name: appid_email_dispatchers_https_only_configured
      description: Ensure App ID email dispatchers are using HTTPS only
    - name: appid_redirect_uris_https_only_configured
      description: Ensure App ID redirect URIs are using HTTPS only
x-trestle-param-values:
  sc-13_odp.01:
  sc-13_odp.02:
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: NIST Special Publication 800-53 Revision 5 HIGH IMPACT BASELINE
    href: profiles/acme-profile-nist-800-53/profile.json
  sort-id: sc-13
---

# sc-13 - \[System and Communications Protection\] Cryptographic Protection

## Control Statement

- \[a.\] Determine the {{ insert: param, sc-13_odp.01 }} ; and

- \[b.\] Implement the following types of cryptography required for each specified cryptographic use: {{ insert: param, sc-13_odp.02 }}.

## Control Assessment Objective

- \[SC-13a.\] {{ insert: param, sc-13_odp.01 }} are identified;

- \[SC-13b.\] {{ insert: param, sc-13_odp.02 }} for each specified cryptographic use (defined in SC-13_ODP[01]) are implemented.

## Control guidance

Cryptography can be employed to support a variety of security solutions, including the protection of classified information and controlled unclassified information, the provision and implementation of digital signatures, and the enforcement of information separation when authorized individuals have the necessary clearances but lack the necessary formal access approvals. Cryptography can also be used to support random number and hash generation. Generally applicable cryptographic standards include FIPS-validated cryptography and NSA-approved cryptography. For example, organizations that need to protect classified information may specify the use of NSA-approved cryptography. Organizations that need to provision and implement digital signatures may specify the use of FIPS-validated cryptography. Cryptography is implemented in accordance with applicable laws, executive orders, directives, regulations, policies, standards, and guidelines.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

<!-- Add control implementation description here for control: sc-13 -->

### Rules:

  - appid_webhooks_https_only_configured
  - appid_email_dispatchers_https_only_configured
  - appid_redirect_uris_https_only_configured

### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
